he old guys welcome back here and we
last left off started the second period
just about to start it right now and I
am up one to nothing against the
colorado avalanche so yeah let's get
this out remember I'm age video is going
to be one period long for three videos a
week for NHL 2k11 um yeah so yeah let's
get started all right Bryan Bickell with
Jonathan daves number I don't give crap
because it doesn't invite me oh what a
check by Keith seems gets it oh no no no
oh man this guard 39 seconds into the
game into the period that's pretty ass
all right whatever one y'all that's all
Oh what this goes and do a shoot out oh
what a shot do you mean to shoot it
dude that was a nasty czech skille i
don't know if he still lost
no no good job Turco no straw chewing
chicken
what a poke check skille takes it up
Deeks and dangles everyone take the
stuff inside Anderson's got it
oh my let's break away oh man he just
got lucky I don't know been online no
you ain't o'clock volley but let's
partial breakaway come on the screen
jizzed in your jokes are just gonna hold
on to it so yeah you guys should follow
me on Twitter yeah so Twitter link will
be in the description on pal group also
be in the description i will start that
up wats i had a poly for cross-checking
oh that ain't cool
whilst ice water on Hannity oh I'm sweet
on the way down your score oh man I
wonder how close that was a story I
didn't really see that to watch the good
ones when I look at it in the editor oh
my gosh you gotta be kidding me dang it
i spent like ah my head of geometry i'll
work after this which stinks no that's
not tomorrow though whatever alright
guys remember no video tomorrow or
Thursday um but on Friday angry birds in
junk jack so uh oh here's gonna say no
no no all right oh yes oh no videos
tomorrow or Thursday um junk jack and
anger birds on friday so and then world
of Gill and lego harry potter on
saturday so yeah just look out for those
videos when they come out o death going
to be a lot of fun to record i just know
it over this Lou this message cane dang
it
yes so those videos are going to be a
lot of fun to record sunday is going to
be MC to chill commentaries and yeah so
where's the league 4 minutes left well I
think it's like two seconds per every
second for this yeah so like a second is
really half a second take a section
boynton are trippin trippin where's the
call baloney rough don't look back on
the replay and it's all great I'm sure
why did you pass it what are you stupid
all of this by this guy I showed you up
for the one time and work out too well
and I have a score another goal
I really hope this isn't like you for
you is probably too much in the last
video it didn't look like likey when I
watched over it I'm gonna upload it
while I'm editing this video and doing
homework so yeah should be fun who are
you passing that too oh my gosh no no
right now they're buying a score notch
game no no good
oh man what Chuck how fast as I you
should just shot it backhanded by Keith
Anderson passes tool is best to Quincy
and sharp steals the puck past is also
also gets it just draws a shoot in front
of the night Oh 30 seconds left or 15 no
well I was that was nasty not gonna lie
oh damn alright yeah guys that's the end
of episode three for you oh there wasn't
even 10 minutes long why is it so short
oh well okay I know I don't um check out
next episode coming up later tonight be
sure to follow me on Twitter and check
out my powering up group those are the
two easy ways to contact me I can
respond to Twitter messages darn cool
look at palringo during school it's that
because we got Wi-Fi never think so yeah
be sure to check me out on those things
guys and I will see you guys later